MINECRAFT SERVER ADMINISTRATION


Bill 2.6 - Minecraft Creation Act (MCA)        1
Bill 5.02 - Minecraft Civil Act (MCA)        4
Bill 2.6 - Minecraft Creation Act (MCA)
Added to this document on 5/15/2025
Amended by Bill 4.35 — First Amendment to the MCA
1. This Act defines the creation of a Minecraft Server for The Democratic Republic of Julia.
2. The ownership of the Minecraft server, hereby defined as “server” will be an independent position within the current government structure
   1. The server owner’s position will be known as “Minecraft Operator (MCO)”
   2. The MCO cannot be:
      1. The Discord Server Owner
      2. The Discord Supervisor
         1. If ever re-implemented
   3. Additional Positions added to 2.b. can be approved with any of the following methods:
      1. Majority Senate Approval (50%+1)
      2. Presidential Approval + Minority Senate Approval (33%+1)
      3. Supermajority Public Approval (66%+1)
   4. Removing Positions from 2.b. or altering any method of 2.c. requires the same steps as a constitutional amendment.
   5. The First MCO will be Discord user “veternitzz”, “406888924464676894” also known as “Anthony”
   6. The MCO may be removed through any of the following methods:
      1. Supermajority Senate Approval (66%+1)
      2. Ultramajority Public Approval (85%+1)
3. The MCO must take an oath to swear to uphold Julia’s constitution and laws in the implementation and behind-the-scenes work of the server.
   1. However, the MCO’s specific role is not responsible for upholding and enforcing the constitution while playing on the server, as that is the responsibility of the executive branch.
   2. This stipulation, however, does not allow the MCO to be exempt from any fair trail afforded to any ordinary Julia citizen.
4. The MCO must appoint a Deputy Minecraft Operator (DMCO)
   1. The DMCO must be approved with a Senate Majority (50%+1)
   2. The DMCO will assist the MCO with any tasks presented to them by the MCO
   3. The DMCO is not bounded by 2.b.
   4. The DMCO is the suggested replacement to the MCO if the MCO ever is removed or resigns their position.
      1. The DMCO will need to be approved to become MCO with any of the following methods:
         1. Majority Senate Approval (50%+1)
         2. Supermajority Public Approval (66%+1)
   5. The DMCO can be removed by only the MCO’s approval.
5. The MCO may appoint Server Admins (MCA) at their discretion
6. The server will be legally viewed as an extension of the Discord Server, which means:
   1. Julia’s Constitution and Laws are valid and upheld within any part of the server.
   2. Any reference to physical actions or buildings in Julia’s Constitution and Laws must be upheld within the server.
   3. Participation is optional.
   4. “Death” is legally inconsequential.
   5. The creation of an alternative country within the server will be seen as a direct attack of Julian soil, and is grounds for war.
7. The following changes to the Discord Server:
   1. Creation of the category “Minecraft”. Which contains:
      1. #mc-info, which contains:
         1. Server IP
         2. Data Pack (if needed)
      2. #mc-announcements
      3. #mc-general
      4. “mc-vc” Voice Channel
   2. Creation of the following roles, with respective privileges:
      1. MCO
         1. Speaking perms in #mc-info, #mc-announcements
      2. DMCO
         1. Speaking perms in #mc-announcements
      3. MCA
         1. Speaking perms in #mc-announcements
      4. Citizen
         1. Speaking perms in #mc-general, “mc-vc”
   3. All specifics outlined in 7.a. And 7.b. are exempt from the Minister of Infrastructure’s jurisdiction of organizational approval




Bill 4.07 - Minecraft Civil Act
(removed by 5.02 - Mincecraft Civil Act)
Bill 5.02 - Minecraft Civil Act (MCA)
SHORT TITLE
* This Act may be cited as the ‘Minecraft Civil Act’ or ‘MCA’.


1. ARTICLE 1: Griefing
   1. This shall implement a grief protection status for all government buildings. 
   2. Destruction, obstruction, or theft of another’s property shall be illegal.
      1. Municipalities may enforce local building regulations within their jurisdiction through deconstruction and it shall not be counted as griefing.


2. ARTICLE 2: Cheating/Hacking
   1. Any form of hacking or cheating shall be illegal.
   2. Creating lag machines shall be illegal.
   3. Regulations on the design or capacity of item/mob farms utilizing potentially unintended mechanics may be done on a case-by-case basis across the server through Referendum/Petition Law; or within the jurisdiction of a municipality through their local governing processes. 
      1. Exception being those that cause excessive strain on the server’s real-life infrastructure/resources, which shall be illegal.


3. ARTICLE 3: PVP
   1. Killing or harming any other player shall be illegal, unless both parties consent to a PVP match for the purpose of a duel or for sport; or if being done in defense of yourself, others, or your/others property.
   2. Municipalities may use lethal force in order to enforce local laws within their jurisdiction or to defend their people or territory from an invasion or raid.
      1. The jurisdiction shall be defined as being that municipality’s territory and citizens.
      2. Municipalities may not use force against players in any circumstance that does not involve their citizens or their territory.
      3. Municipalities may not use local law, orders, or their charter to forcefully annex, occupy, or attack the buildings or territories of other players/municipalities.
      4. Territorial disputes may be settled in a national court if no internal conclusion can be reached.


4. ARTICLE 4: Speech
   1. All national laws regarding speech in the Discord servers shall also apply to the Minecraft server’s in-game chat, signs, books, and any other means of having text in the game.


5. ARTICLE 5: Enforcement
   1. For all of the above offenses, the penalty will be no less than a one-day ban and up to a permanent ban from the Minecraft server.
   2. If an individual is caught actively committing a crime, the Minecraft server’s admins may ban them for up to 24 hours before trial to prevent further criminal activity. The temporary ban may be extended at the discretion of a Judge.
   3. Any abuse of admin power must result in a revocation of admin powers within the Minecraft server and a permanent ban from it.
   4. If a crime occurred in and only pertains to a municipality, the local authorities may handle it internally. If the sentencing is believed to be in contradiction with Julian Law, the case may be appealed to a higher court.


6. IMPLEMENTATION
   1. Upon passage, this bill is to go immediately into effect.
   2. This bill will repeal and replace SL4.06/2025 - Minecraft Civil Act